DOC-2407: add selfHostedOnly overrides for cloud-unavailable rpk commands (#1838)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/docker-image.mdx

4. Metrics are available at `localhost:9404/`.
5. Use the Redpanda Console or Kafka Connect REST API to manage connectors.

> ## Connecting to Redpanda Cloud cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect to a Redpanda Cloud cluster
```

> To connect to Redpanda Cloud cluster with Docker Compose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to a Redpanda Cloud cluster with Docker Compose:
```

> 1. Create Redpanda user, using RPK or Redpanda Console, `Security` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use `rpk` or Redpanda Console (**Security** tab) to create a Redpanda user.
```

2. Create ACLs for the user.

> 3. Set username in `CONNECT_SASL_USERNAME` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the username in the `CONNECT_SASL_USERNAME` property.
```

4. Create a file containing user password, for example `passwords/redpanda-password/password` and set the path in `CONNECT_SASL_PASSWORD_FILE` property.

> 5. Set `CONNECT_BOOTSTRAP_SERVERS` property. The value can be found in Redpanda Console, `Overview` tab, `Kafka API` section, `Bootstrap server URL` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Specify a value in the `CONNECT_BOOTSTRAP_SERVERS` property. You can view this value in Redpanda Console >**Overview**>**Kafka API**, in the `Bootstrap server URL` option.
```

> 6. Set `CONNECT_SASL_MECHANISM` property value to `"scram-sha-256"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Set the `CONNECT_SASL_MECHANISM` property value to `"scram-sha-256"`.
```

> 7. Set `CONNECT_TLS_ENABLED` property value to `"true"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Set the `CONNECT_TLS_ENABLED` property value to `"true"`.
```

    hostname: connect
    ports:
      - "8083:8083"
    environment:
      CONNECT_CONFIGURATION: |
          key.converter=org.apache.kafka.connect.converters.ByteArrayConverter
          value.converter=org.apache.kafka.connect.converters.ByteArrayConverter
          group.id=connectors-group
          offset.storage.topic=_connectors_offsets
          config.storage.topic=_connectors_configs
          status.storage.topic=_connectors_status
          config.storage.replication.factor=-1
          offset.storage.replication.factor=-1
          status.storage.replication.factor=-1
      CONNECT_BOOTSTRAP_SERVERS: seed-....redpanda.com:9092
      CONNECT_GC_LOG_ENABLED: "false"
      CONNECT_HEAP_OPTS: -Xms1G -Xmx1G
      CONNECT_SASL_MECHANISM: "scram-sha-256"
      CONNECT_SASL_USERNAME: "connectors-user"
      CONNECT_SASL_PASSWORD_FILE: "passwords/redpanda-password/password"
      CONNECT_TLS_ENABLED: "true"
```

    ├── ...
    ├── passwords
    │   └── redpanda-password
    │       └──password                            # A file with SASL password
    └── docker-compose.yaml                        # A docker-compose file

### Redpanda Cloud Schema Registry

> For converters using Schema Registry (like AvroConverter, JsonConverter), use the following connector configuration properties to set up connection with Schema Registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For converters using Schema Registry (like AvroConverter, JsonConverter), use the following connector configuration properties to set up a connection with Schema Registry:
```

| Property                                        | Description                                                                                      |
|-------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `key.converter`                                 | Key converter class to use for the connector.                                                    |

> | `key.converter.schema.registry.url`             | Key converter Schema Registry URL, from the cluster `Overview` tab, `Schema Registry` section.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `key.converter.schema.registry.url`             | Key converter Schema Registry URL, which you can view in the cluster **Overview**>**Schema Registry**.   |
```

| `key.converter.basic.auth.credentials.source`   | Key converter authentication method, should be `USER_INFO`.                                      |
| `key.converter.basic.auth.user.info`            | Key converter user and password used for authentication, separated by a colon.                   |
| `value.converter`                               | Value converter class to use for the connector.                                                  |

> | `value.converter.schema.registry.url`           | Value converter Schema Registry URL, from the cluster `Overview` tab, `Schema Registry` section. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value.converter.schema.registry.url`           | Value converter Schema Registry URL, which you can view in the cluster **Overview**>**Schema Registry**. |
```
